# cellTile
A useful function to tile the point within certain cells when loading map, in order to achieve a faster, more comfortable experience. 

## How to start

```shell
python3 -m http.server
```

Run above code in cellTile directory to start a http server. Then in any explorer, go into:

```
http://localhost:8000/
```

and open your .html file.

## Input files

- **image_tiles/**
  - Output from Tileup, used as the image layer of map;
- **roi.pos0.all.cells.converted.txt**
  - Draw the boundary of cells, also used to generate the cell_centroid.csv
- **cell_centroid.csv**
  - A csv file with 3 columns: cell ID, x coordinate, y coordinate
  - Give location information of cell centroids
  - Generated by **get_centroid.py**
- **Pos0_647nm_561nm_combined_clean.csv**
  - File contains location and cell information of each single transcription. 
  - First column as the x coord; Second as the y coord;
  - Fourth as cell id; Fifth as gene ID
- **gene.list**
  - A single-column file with each row as a gene ID
  - Used in the dropdown box when doing selecting genes functions.
- **js/script.js**
  - Need to change the parameters to fit your own data
    - Map size should fit with your location information (axis, coordinate, ...)
    - Stain image layers to choose
    - Change file names in every **fetch** functions into your corresponding file names
- **cells/**
  - A collection of csv files each containing all data for each single cell. Names as the cell IDs.
  - Geenrated by **pre_processing.R**

## About archive
- Old version which load the whole data at once; may not be compatible when data is really large; still can work in small dataset.
- Also can work. If interested, please give a try.
